Update JWT documentation to recommend only using jwt_header or audit logging not both (#5914)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/authentication-backends/jwt.md

Name | Description
:--- | :---
`signing_key` | The signing key to use when verifying the token. If you use a symmetric key algorithm, it is the base64-encoded shared secret. If you use an asymmetric algorithm, it contains the public key.

> `jwt_header` | The HTTP header in which the token is transmitted. This is typically the `Authorization` header with the `Bearer` schema: `Authorization: Bearer <token>`. Default is `Authorization`. NOTE: Replacing this field with a value other than `Authorization` prevents the audit log from properly redacting the JWT from audit messages. It is reccomended that users only use the standard `Authorization` `jwt_header` when using JWTs with audit logging. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jwt_header` | The HTTP header in which the token is transmitted. This is typically the `Authorization` header with the `Bearer` schema,`Authorization: Bearer <token>`. Default is `Authorization`. Replacing this field with a value other than `Authorization` prevents the audit log from properly redacting the JWT header from audit messages. It is recommended that users only use  `Authorization` when using JWTs with audit logging. 
```
